ONC 2014 Healthcare Privacy challenge
Health Plan and Provider Privacy Games are created for 2014 ONC challenge.

Overview: These are very simple "match the columns" type games created to make the patients/receipients of the privacy statement, to really read and understand them, instead of only receiving them.

Instructions on how to play respective games:

On a computer's web browser: 
1. Read the content headers on the left and their relevant descriptions on the right. Once you have understood at a high level, what each header means, you can proceed with the Quiz by clicking the "PLeay Quiz" link. 

2. The quiz consists of all the headers on the left side and content on the right side. These were shown in the earlier screen, but are NOT matching each other in the quiz screen. 3. When viewed in a computer web browser, numbers from 1,2,3,4 etc are shown below the table that has Headers and Content. 4. Left click your mouse button on a number and drag and drop it on the respective content shown on the right hand side. 

5. If you need to see what this means, just click on the (?) question mark on the top right hand side and you will see a screen shot of how this is played. 

6. Each screen gets 5 chances to answer correctly. If wrongly answered, you will have to re-read the previous screen and play the quiz again. 

7. After you have successfully cleared all the screens, you will be presented with a number that needs to be reported to the front desk. The idea behind showing this number is that it gives some authenticity, almost like taking a certification exam.


On a mobile/tablet's web browser: 
1. Read the content headers on the left and their relevant descriptions on the right. Once you have understood at a high level, what each header means, you can proceed with the Quiz by clicking the "PLeay Quiz" link. 

2. The quiz consists of all the headers on the left side and content on the right side. These were shown in the earlier screen, but are NOT matching each other in the quiz screen. 

3. When viewed in a tablet/mobile web browser, numbers from 1,2,3,4 etc are shown below the table that has Headers and Content. 

4. Simply click the radio button that corresponds to the correct matching answer for the respective header. 

5. Each screen gets 5 chances to answer correctly. If wrongly answered, you will have to re-read the previous screen and play the quiz again. 

6. After you have successfully cleared all the screens, you will be presented with a number that needs to be reported to the front desk. The idea behind showing this number is that it gives some authenticity, almost like taking a certification exam.


Application Requirements: 
Web browser, should be able to render CSS & HTML5 pages. Created in Bootstrap3.0, JavaScript. Screen as well as the type of the game will adjust to the device on which it is viewed.

For any questions, please contact info@securehealing.com